start good afternoon so continue our
a series of plastic pustules three days passed
after we captured it and now
it's time to release the gas miracle than
take off the foam and nothing is already in the bank
and immediately in the bank once special yes right now
my wife will make it shorter
our cargo where the torch to him such a
it can be seen that a lot of foam has formed
she needs a kick of it as if accumulated and
loved cooked do not repeat until
need to pull out but not only accumulated
the ruins of the mother gas that came out
why not partyka
in short it is even partially even alcohol
if not let loose foam you don't
release from cabbage and wells and gases and
do not remove the foam is possible education
alcohol is not very good
take a Chinese wand can be some
I think the other wand is even better
thicker wand to take and so here
we pierce many places
to release all the gas that's it
sometimes turn out that pierces
bubbles on the outside after that we will
well the role of bitter pain every time when
poke bubbles
but another jeep will be to end
it is better to go out properly
make sure that the gases
release gases accumulating there no no
should now take with the tower
clean of course the park should be up
we shift it in the bank what is
dear what happened yes so cans it
very very tightly tamped so
to the edge did not move from the edge
banks can be seen from all sides so that there is no
no gaps any pieces
air so that everything is completely tight
to the very edges is filled with cabbage and
close let's put what's there river let
periodically need to turn
in my opinion or not and how it was me then
I tried the carrier is not pleasant
friend's appetite kick-ass cabbage come on
show a big jar of damned is not a woman
little professors
can not see
until August is awesome now for
demonstrations let's show give and and scientists from
baby she is just why she looks like she
asks
cabbage cabbage requests and yes just
Russia liked cabbage yes how
Well yes you'll still be delicious on
let 's give you another hour
let 's you
give you more give you teeth
there is no well two cloves only
tiny thousand he has but tasty yes
Do you understand what you need there
before that you need to be there
tasty tasty
so we fill it with the jar too
and if the juice is not to pour
just jar and store the next as
yes exactly or extra juice which she
bought a treat every day drink up
be treated and you can with a lot of diabetes from
cancer to use as a cream
stomach ulcers recover it from
constipation pores rebuild chechnya spout
any was still useful well yes with a stick
there was a night better from almost everyone
diseases like cream can also
use both as juice and for
recovery of microflora from the series can
do knee and cheese can do yes
but all my phone is ringing I turn off
Here you can see that here is David to the edge
cabbage was because everything is everything
until